README.md, before:

# Lunar V2

<p align="left">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/fuPtWjYuf8">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=discord" alt="Join our Discord">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Lunar-proxy/Lunar-v2">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" alt="View on GitHub">
    </a>
</p>

## What is Lunar?

Lunar is a powerful web proxy created to bypass censorship.

## Features

- 🚀 **High Speed** – Designed to be fast
- 🪞 **Enhanced Tab Cloaking** – Mask the tab title and favicon to be educational.
- 🎮 **Games** – Play a wide page of games
- ⚡️ **Site Support** - Lunar supports popular websites such as Gforce Now, Nowgg, Spotify, and
  more.

## Deployment Options

<div>  
    <a href="https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/lunar-proxy/lunar-v2">  
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BinBashBanana/deploy-buttons/main/buttons/remade/render.svg" alt="Deploy to Render">  
    </a>  
    <a href="https://app.koyeb.com/services/deploy?type=git&repository=github.com/lunar-proxy/lunar-v2&builder=dockerfile&instance_type=free&regions=was&ports=8080%3Bhttp%3B%2F&hc_protocol%5B808">  
        <img src="https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/koyeb.svg" alt="Deploy to Koyeb" style="float: left; margin-right: 10px;">  
    </a>  
</div>

> [!NOTE] Lunar cannot be deployed on static hosting services like Netlify, Vercel (Due to
> websockets), or GitHub Pages.

## Deployment via Terminal

> [!IMPORTANT] By default, we use pnpm for deploying Lunar. However, you can utilize any package
> manager (npm, pnpm, bun, etc.) for deployment.
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have the following dependencies installed:
>
> - [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
> - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/prebuilt-installer)

### Production

1. Clone the Lunar repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Lunar-Proxy/Lunar-v2.git
   cd Lunar-v2
   ```

2. Install dependencies and launch Lunar:
   ```bash
   pnpm install && pnpm start
   ```

### Development

If you are modifying Lunar, use the development setup to prevent the need for repeated builds:

```bash
pnpm install && pnpm dev
```

# Contributing

If you are making any changes, please review [this guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for proper instructions
on how to contribute.

# Support

For assistance, please create a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/Lunar-Proxy/lunar-v1/issues) or
[join our Discord community](https://discord.gg/fuPtWjYuf8).

# Credits

Thank you to everyone who has contributed to Lunar ❤️

<a href="https://github.com/lunar-proxy/lunar-v2/graphs/contributors">
<img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=lunar-proxy/lunar-v2"/>
</a>

Commit message:

fixes & better game/apps page

README.md, after:

# Lunar V2

<p align="left">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/fuPtWjYuf8">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=discord" alt="Join our Discord">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Lunar-proxy/Lunar-v2">
        <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" alt="View on GitHub">
    </a>
</p>

## What is Lunar?

Lunar is a web proxy created to bypass censorship.

## Features

- 🚀 **High Speed** – Designed to be fast
- 🪞 **Enhanced Tab Cloaking** – Mask the tab title and favicon to be educational.
- 🎮 **Games** – Play over 40+ games, all unbl0cked
- ⚡️ **Site Support** - Lunar supports popular websites such as Gforce Now, spotify, and
  more thanks to Ultraviolet & scramjet technology

## Deployment Options

<div>  
    <a href="https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/lunar-proxy/lunar-v2">  
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BinBashBanana/deploy-buttons/main/buttons/remade/render.svg" alt="Deploy to Render">  
    </a>  
    <a href="https://app.koyeb.com/services/deploy?type=git&repository=github.com/lunar-proxy/lunar-v2&builder=dockerfile&instance_type=free&regions=was&ports=8080%3Bhttp%3B%2F&hc_protocol%5B808">  
        <img src="https://binbashbanana.github.io/deploy-buttons/buttons/remade/koyeb.svg" alt="Deploy to Koyeb" style="float: left; margin-right: 10px;">  
    </a>  
</div>

> [!NOTE] Lunar cannot be deployed on static hosting services like Netlify, Vercel (Due to
> websockets), or GitHub Pages.

## Deployment via Terminal

> [!IMPORTANT] By default, we use pnpm for deploying Lunar. However, you can utilize any package
> manager (npm, pnpm, bun, etc.) for deployment.
>
> Before you begin, ensure you have the following dependencies installed:
>
> - [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
> - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/prebuilt-installer)

### Production

1. Clone the Lunar repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Lunar-Proxy/Lunar-v2.git
   cd Lunar-v2
   ```

2. Install dependencies and launch Lunar:
   ```bash
   pnpm install && pnpm start
   ```

### Development

If you are modifying Lunar, use the development setup to prevent the need for repeated builds:

```bash
pnpm install && pnpm dev
```

# Contributing

If you are making any changes, please review [this guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for proper instructions
on how to contribute.

# Support

For assistance, please create a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/Lunar-Proxy/lunar-v1/issues) or
[join our Discord community](https://discord.gg/fuPtWjYuf8).

# Credits

Thank you to everyone who has contributed to Lunar ❤️

<a href="https://github.com/lunar-proxy/lunar-v2/graphs/contributors">
<img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=lunar-proxy/lunar-v2"/>
</a>
